---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the Fishbowl documentation
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-rocket-launch-rounded
---

# Introduction

Welcome to the Fishbowl documentation! This guide will help you get started with the Fishbowl app and the Fishbowl bot for Discord.
Whether you are new to the Fishbowl platform or a seasoned user, you will find useful information here to help you get
the most out of Fishbowl.

## What is Fishbowl?

Fishbowl is an all-in-one series of applications and services designed to help systems (such as those with DID and OSDD)
manage their symptoms, communicate with friends, and access resources. The Fishbowl platform consists
of two primary components:

- [Fishbowl app](/docs/app): An easy-to-use, secure mobile app for Android and iOS devices that allows you to manage your
system, register fronting push notifications with friends, record your front history, journal, and more!
- [Fishbowl bot](/docs/bot): A Discord bot that acts as a companion to the Fishbowl app, providing additional features
such as alter proxying (similar to Tupperbox or PluralKit) in addition to providing a slash-command interface
for the app's base features.

Click either of the links above to learn more about each component of the Fishbowl platform.

## How to read this documentation

This documentation is organized into several sections, each of which covers a different facet of the Fishbowl platform.
You can navigate between sections by (on desktop) using the sidebar on the left side of the page or (on mobile) clicking
the "menu" icon in the bottom-left corner of the screen. Each section contains multiple pages that cover specific
topics in detail.
