---
title: Importing data
description: Import data from PluralKit or Simply Plural into the Octocon app
navigation.icon: i-material-symbols-cloud-download-rounded
---

# Importing data (app)

Octocon provides a way to import your existing data from PluralKit or Simply Plural. This allows you to easily
transition to Octocon without having to manually re-enter all your alters.

If you'd like to do this from the Discord bot instead of the app, see [that respective section](/docs/discord/importing-data)
of the documentation.

**Note**: If you have any issues with the import process from either platform, please reach out to the `#app-support` channel
in our [Discord support server](https://discord.com/invite/octocon) for assistance.

## Importing from Simply Plural

To import your alters from Simply Plural, you will need a Simply Plural access token. You can obtain a token by following
these steps:

- Open the Simply Plural app
- Open the side menu drawer and click the settings gear in the top right
- Navigate to the `Account` -> `Tokens` section
- Click the `+ Add Token` button, check the `Read` permission, and click the new `+ Add Token` button at the bottom of
  the screen
- Tap "Yes" three times to confirm the token creation, then hold tap on the new token to copy it to your clipboard.

Once you have the token, open the Octocon app and navigate to the Settings page. Scroll down to "Import alters" and tap
the "Import" button next to "Simply Plural." Then, paste the token you copied into the popup dialog and run the import!

The app will then import all your members, groups, front history, and custom fields from Simply Plural into Octocon. It
may take a few minutes for all of your data to be imported, especially if you have a large number of alters in Simply Plural.

## Importing from PluralKit

To import your alters from PluralKit, you will need your PluralKit access token. You can obtain this token by DMing
the PluralKit bot with the `pk;token` command.

Once you have the token, open the Octocon app and navigate to the Settings page. Scroll down to "Import alters" and tap
the "Import" button next to "PluralKit." Then, paste the token you copied into the popup dialog and run the import!

The app will then import all your members and groups from PluralKit into Octocon. It may take a few minutes for all
of your data to be imported, especially if you have a large number of alters in PluralKit.